Update Documentation   for the implemented init sub command (fix #42) (#43)
EMaksy/reportdaily: docs/reportdaily.rst

init
~~~~

The ``init`` subcommand is required for the first time to initialize the program.

The user is asked to answer some question. After the input is finished, two files are created:

A configuration file with all the user information and a sqlite database to hold all data.

.. code-block:: bash 

   reportdaily init
   reportdaily init  --help
   reportdaily init  --change [--duration DURATION] [--name Name][--team TEAM] [--team-number TEAM_NUMBER] [--year YEAR]

.. option:: --change, -c

Make changes to the existing config/database

Use the option  `--change` in two different  ways:

 
1. Ask for user input

>    .. code-block:: bash
>             reportdaily init --change

Reviewer: Sphinx/RST needs some (empty) lines to distinguish between the directive ([`.. code-block::`](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/1.4.9/markup/code.html#directive-code-block)) and potential parameters for this directive.

If you don't separate your content, Sphinx will interpret your next line as option. As `reportdaily ...` is an unknown option, you will get an error. As such, you need:

```suggestion
   .. code-block:: bash

       reportdaily init --change
```

      
   The exisiting config is shown to the user.

   The user is asked to select an option of the configs which requires changes and to enter new values.

2. Provide additional options allow to make changes direct via the command line.
   
   

>    .. code:: bash

Reviewer: I think, there is no `.. code::` directive, only [`.. code-block::`](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/1.4.9/markup/code.html#directive-code-block). The `:code:` is an inline macro, it *seems* to work, but I would be cautious.

Maybe you need to revert your change, here and on the other spots.

   
      reportdaily init --change --name "TEST_NAME"

   The exisiting config is shown to the user. 

   If the the arguments are properly chosen, then changes are directly saved in the configfile.
   If the arguments are wrong, then the user is asked to try again. 
   The altered configuration is shown in the command line.

.. option:: --duration=DURATION, -d=DURATION

> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: You should remove these empty lines. It's enough to have one empty line.

```suggestion

```

init
~~~~

The ``init`` subcommand is required for the first time to initialize the program.

User is asked to answer some question and two files are created.

A configuration file with all the user information and sqlite database.

.. code-block:: bash 

   reportdaily init
   reportdaily init  --help
   reportdaily init  --change [--duration DURATION] [--name Name][--team TEAM] [--team-number TEAM_NUMBER] [--year YEAR]

.. option:: --change, -c

Make changes to the existing config/database

Use the option  `--change` in two diffrent  ways:

 
1. Ask for user input

   .. code-block:: bash
            reportdaily init --change
      

>    The exisiting config is shown to the user.
> 
>    User is asked to select an option of the configs which requires changes.
> 
>    User is asked for the new values.

Reviewer: I would remove the empty lines

```suggestion
   The exisiting config is shown to the user.

   The user is asked to select an option of the configs which requires changes.
   The user is asked for the new values.
```

2. Provide additional options allow to make changes direct via the command line.
   
   
   .. code-block:: bash
   
      reportdaily init --change --name "TEST_NAME"

   The exisiting config is shown to the user. 

>    If the the arguments are properly chosen, then changes are directly saved in the configfile.
> 
>    If the arguments are wrong, then the user is asked to try again. 
> 
>    The altered configuration is shown in the command line.

Reviewer: Same here:

```suggestion
   If the the arguments are chosen corretly, changes are saved directly to the configuration file.
   If the arguments are wrong, then the user will be asked to try again. 
   The altered configuration is shown as output.
```

.. option:: --duration=DURATION, -d=DURATION

   .. code-block:: bash
      
      reportdaily init --change --duration "DURATION"

>    Changes the duration of the education by the passed argument  ""DURATION""".

Reviewer: You need two backticks for DURATION:

```suggestion
   Changes the duration of the education by the passed argument  ``DURATION``.
```

   DURATION argument options: 2.5, 3.0 or 3.5.

.. option:: --name=NAME, -n=NAME

   .. code-block:: bash

      reportdaily init --change --name "NAME"

>    Changes the name of the trainee  by the passed ""NAME"" argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Changes the name of the trainee by the passing the ``NAME`` argument.
```

.. option:: --team=TEAM, -t=TEAM

   .. code-block:: bash
      
      reportdaily init --change --team "TEAM"

>    Changes the team name by the passed ""TEAM"" argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Changes the team name by passing the ``TEAM`` argument.
```

.. option:: --team-number=TEAM_NUMBER, -tn=TEAM_NUMBER

   .. code-block:: bash
      
      reportdaily init --change --team-number "TEAM_NUMBER"

>    Changes the team number by the passed ""TEAM_NUMBER"" argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Changes the team number by passing the ``TEAM_NUMBER`` argument.
```

.. option:: --year=YEAR, -y=YEAR

   .. code-block:: bash
      
      reportdaily init --change --year "YEAR"

>    Changes the start year of the education  by the passed ""YEAR"" argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Changes the start year of the education by passing the ``YEAR`` argument.
```

   reportdaily  export <ID> 

Files 
----- 

This script uses the following files:

> ~/.config/reportdaily/reportdailyrc
> 
> User configuration file
> 
> ~/.config/reportdaily/database.sqlite
> 
> SQLITE database

Reviewer: I would use a list here. First explain the file, then the path:

```suggestion
* User configuration file: :file:`~/.config/reportdaily/reportdailyrc`

* SQLite database: :file:`~/.config/reportdaily/database.sqlite`
```
